We are
SER. Saster is an incredible conference
because it brings together a lot of
curious people who are builders by
nature and are looking to learn from one
another and learning to identify best
practices to shape their companies and
and who they can partner with in the
upcoming year. And it's just fun. And
now with the huge shift of AI where
things happen so fast, this is where the
best conversations happen. you have to
be here. And also in terms of
networking, the event, the side events
really not to be missed. Brings in about
10,000 people from all over the world.
What does it mean to be AI in the SAS
space and what should we be looking for?
This seems like the place to be to find
those answers. There's so much noise in
SAS where being in person, I kind of
leave the agenda open-ended and I just
find like who do I lock eyes with? Who
are the connections I make that feel
genuine? You can't do that anywhere
else. Like today I was able to find one
investor. All of us are standing on the
shoulders of giants and learning from
one another on how to scale from one
stage to another and there is no better
place in the software industry to do
that than SAS. We are Sasser. We are
SAS. You know it's been a catalyst in my
career. I was able to see around corners
as my business was going through
hyperrowth because of some of the
learnings I was able to hook into
because of SAS. So truly life
life-changing. It really feels like you
are on the cutting edge of what's going
on. The conversations are very nuanced.
So yeah, it feels like we're in the
hotbed of the future. This is one of the
most exciting events I've ever been to.
I like the electricity, the energy, the
enthusiasm for product sales,
everything. So completely cool. If
you're right now not doing something in
AI, you are you're exponentially being
left behind. We're in the age of AI now.
The applications are different. The
world is moving so much faster. But the
mission and the value is the same.
Share, scale, learn. The thing I'm most
excited about is a poker game.
We are Sass. We are Saster. We are
Saster. Even if last year you were here,
it's a totally new year with how AI is
disrupting everything. So, I guarantee
you, you will absolutely learn something
new and different. And if you don't
come, you're missing out.